>>> IT’S TIME FOR A SPECIAL
>>> IT’S TIME FOR A SPECIAL EDITION OF FALLBACK.
EDITION OF FALLBACK. I’M JOINED BY EMMY AWARD WINNING
I’M JOINED BY EMMY AWARD WINNING ACTOR JOHN TURTURRO STARRING IN
ACTOR JOHN TURTURRO STARRING IN "GLORY BELL."
"GLORY BELL." OTHER NOTABLE FILMS INCLUDE
OTHER NOTABLE FILMS INCLUDE "QUIZ SHOW."
"QUIZ SHOW." "TRANSFORMERS" FRANCHISE.
"TRANSFORMERS" FRANCHISE. AND OF COURSE THE COLLABORATIONS
AND OF COURSE THE COLLABORATIONS WITH THE COHEN BROTHERS
WITH THE COHEN BROTHERS INCLUDING THE UNFORGETTABLE ROLE
INCLUDING THE UNFORGETTABLE ROLE AS JESUS IN "THE BIG LEBOWSKI."
AS JESUS IN "THE BIG LEBOWSKI." ONE OF OUR FAVORITES.
ONE OF OUR FAVORITES. HE ALSO PLAYED IN THE HBO HIT
HE ALSO PLAYED IN THE HBO HIT "THE NIGHT OF" WHICH HE HAS IN
"THE NIGHT OF" WHICH HE HAS IN COMMON WITH NICK ACKERMAN.
COMMON WITH NICK ACKERMAN. HE ALSO PLAYS A LAWYER ON
HE ALSO PLAYS A LAWYER ON TELEVISION AND WAS A FEDERAL
TELEVISION AND WAS A FEDERAL PROSECUTOR IN THE SOUTHERN
PROSECUTOR IN THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT.
DISTRICT. AND OF COURSE A WATERGATE
AND OF COURSE A WATERGATE SPECIAL PROSECUTOR.
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. THANKS TO BOTH OF YOU FOR BEING
THANKS TO BOTH OF YOU FOR BEING HERE.
HERE. >> GREAT TO BE HERE.
>> GREAT TO BE HERE. >> NICK, WHO NEEDS TO FALLBACK?
>> NICK, WHO NEEDS TO FALLBACK? >> WHO NEEDS TO FALLBACK IS
>> WHO NEEDS TO FALLBACK IS ROGER STONE.
ROGER STONE. I MEAN, HIM -- HIS INSTAGRAM
I MEAN, HIM -- HIS INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT IS ABSOLUTELY HIS
ACCOUNT IS ABSOLUTELY HIS PROBLEM HERE.
PROBLEM HERE. HE’S GOT ME ON HIS INSTAGRAM
HE’S GOT ME ON HIS INSTAGRAM PAGE AND HE CALLS ME A CRANKY
PAGE AND HE CALLS ME A CRANKY OLD
OLD THEY’RE MORE OF AN ACTOR THAN I
THEY’RE MORE OF AN ACTOR THAN I AM ACTUALLY.
AM ACTUALLY. MANY PEOPLE IN THE POLITICAL
MANY PEOPLE IN THE POLITICAL ARENA, I COULD NEVER DO WHAT
ARENA, I COULD NEVER DO WHAT THEY DO BECAUSE I TRY BELIEVE
THEY DO BECAUSE I TRY BELIEVE WHAT I’M DOING AND RESEARCH WHAT
WHAT I’M DOING AND RESEARCH WHAT I’M DOING.
I’M DOING. I UNDERSTAND SOMETHING ABOUT THE
I UNDERSTAND SOMETHING ABOUT THE TOPIC I’M PORTRAYING.
TOPIC I’M PORTRAYING. >> WHAT DO YOU THINK NEEDS
>> WHAT DO YOU THINK NEEDS FALLBACK?
FALLBACK? >> I THINK THE OLDER SIMP
>> I THINK THE OLDER SIMP LUIFICATION OF ANY NEWS TOPIC IS
LUIFICATION OF ANY NEWS TOPIC IS SOMETHING THAT REALLY BOTHERS
SOMETHING THAT REALLY BOTHERS ME.
ME. THE OVER SIMPLE FUICATION -- AND
THE OVER SIMPLE FUICATION -- AND SO THE LOSS OF NUANCE I THINK IS
SO THE LOSS OF NUANCE I THINK IS A MAJOR PROBLEM AND THAT’S WHY
A MAJOR PROBLEM AND THAT’S WHY THESE THINGS LIKE INSTAGRAM AND
THESE THINGS LIKE INSTAGRAM AND WHEN YOU’RE TWEETING AND
WHEN YOU’RE TWEETING AND EVERYTHING IT’S DEVOID OF
EVERYTHING IT’S DEVOID OF NUANCE.
NUANCE. >> DO YOU THINK IT’S ACCELERATED
>> DO YOU THINK IT’S ACCELERATED BY THE INTERNET OR IS IT IN OUR
BY THE INTERNET OR IS IT IN OUR NATURE TO OVER SIMPLIFY?
NATURE TO OVER SIMPLIFY? >> I THINK IT’S ACCELERATED.
>> I THINK IT’S ACCELERATED. >> HERE’S ONE HEADLINE THAT SAID
>> HERE’S ONE HEADLINE THAT SAID SCIENTISTS REVEAL THREE KEYS TO
SCIENTISTS REVEAL THREE KEYS TO HAPPINESS.
HAPPINESS. OVER SIMPLIFIED OR NOT?
OVER SIMPLIFIED OR NOT? >> OVER SIMPLIFIED.
>> OVER SIMPLIFIED. >> ARE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS THE
>> ARE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS THE ONES RUINING AMERICA?
ONES RUINING AMERICA? >> OVER SIMPLIFIED.
>> OVER SIMPLIFIED. THESE ARE COMPLEX TOPICS AND
THESE ARE COMPLEX TOPICS AND WITH COMPLEX SOLUTIONS, YOU
WITH COMPLEX SOLUTIONS, YOU KNOW.
KNOW. ONCE YOU DEMONIZE A WHOLE GROUP
ONCE YOU DEMONIZE A WHOLE GROUP OF PEOPLE -- AND EVERYONE WAS AN
OF PEOPLE -- AND EVERYONE WAS AN IMMIGRANT AND THAT’S A COMPLEX
IMMIGRANT AND THAT’S A COMPLEX TOPIC.
TOPIC. >> I HAVE SOMETHING YOU GUYS
>> I HAVE SOMETHING YOU GUYS HAVE IN COMMON.
HAVE IN COMMON. YOU’VE DONE SO MANY GREAT
YOU’VE DONE SO MANY GREAT PERFORMANCES.
PERFORMANCES. ONE WAS YOUR PORTRAYAL OF A VERY
ONE WAS YOUR PORTRAYAL OF A VERY HARD SCRABBLE DEFENSE ATTORNEY
HARD SCRABBLE DEFENSE ATTORNEY IN THE NIGHT OF ON HBO.
IN THE NIGHT OF ON HBO. >> TO THE PRESUMPTION OF HIS
>> TO THE PRESUMPTION OF HIS INNOCENCE BEYOND A REASONABLE
INNOCENCE BEYOND A REASONABLE DOUBT.
DOUBT. YOU HEAR THAT TERM A LOT.
YOU HEAR THAT TERM A LOT. WHAT DOES HE REALLY MEAN?
WHAT DOES HE REALLY MEAN? WHAT’S TLRHE DEFINITION?
WHAT’S TLRHE DEFINITION? IT DOESN’T HAVE ONE.
IT DOESN’T HAVE ONE. IT’S WHAT WE THINK.
IT’S WHAT WE THINK. AND AS MUCH AS WHAT WE THINK,
AND AS MUCH AS WHAT WE THINK, WHAT WE FEEL AND WHAT WE FEEL --
WHAT WE FEEL AND WHAT WE FEEL -- >> NICK, HOW’D HE DO?
>> NICK, HOW’D HE DO? >> I THOUGHT HE DID PRETTY WELL.
>> I THOUGHT HE DID PRETTY WELL. NEXT TRIAL I HAVE YOU’RE GOING
NEXT TRIAL I HAVE YOU’RE GOING TO DO MY SUMMATION.
TO DO MY SUMMATION. THAT WAS GREAT.
THAT WAS GREAT. ONCE YOU SAY THERE’S NO
ONCE YOU SAY THERE’S NO DEFINITION OF BEYOND A
DEFINITION OF BEYOND A REASONABLE DOUBT, THE JUDGE GIVE
REASONABLE DOUBT, THE JUDGE GIVE AS VERY SPIFF ON THAT.
AS VERY SPIFF ON THAT. SO THIS IS A TYPICAL TELEVISION
SO THIS IS A TYPICAL TELEVISION OR MOVIE --
OR MOVIE -- >> OH, MY GOD, JOHN.
>> OH, MY GOD, JOHN. >> I DISAGREE WITH HIM.
>> I DISAGREE WITH HIM. >> WHY?
>> WHY? >> NO, HE’S RIGHT.
>> NO, HE’S RIGHT. >> HE’S SAYING THERE WOULD BE AN
>> HE’S SAYING THERE WOULD BE AN OBJECTION.
OBJECTION. YES, OF COURSE THERE WOULD BUT
YES, OF COURSE THERE WOULD BUT WHAT DID YOU THINK OF THE
WHAT DID YOU THINK OF THE FEELING?
FEELING? >> NO, BUT HE WAS LOOKING AT IT
>> NO, BUT HE WAS LOOKING AT IT THE JURY, BEING HONEST,
THE JURY, BEING HONEST, COMING -- HE WAS BASICALLY
COMING -- HE WAS BASICALLY CONNECTING WITH PEOPLE AND I
CONNECTING WITH PEOPLE AND I THINK THAT’S WHAT MAKE ASSUMMATI
THINK THAT’S WHAT MAKE ASSUMMATI A GREAT TRIAL.
A GREAT TRIAL. >> YOU FELT SO RAW AND REAL IN
>> YOU FELT SO RAW AND REAL IN THAT ROLE.
THAT ROLE. HOW DID YOU GET TO THAT PLACE?
HOW DID YOU GET TO THAT PLACE? >> I SPENT A LOT OF TIME WITH A
>> I SPENT A LOT OF TIME WITH A LOT OF LAWYERS.
LOT OF LAWYERS. EVERY LIFE IS VALUABLE.
EVERY LIFE IS VALUABLE. I DON’T KNOW HOW I WOULD FEEL IF
I DON’T KNOW HOW I WOULD FEEL IF I HAD SOMEONE’S LIFE IN MY
I HAD SOMEONE’S LIFE IN MY HANDS.
HANDS. THAT WAS THE IDEA.
THAT WAS THE IDEA. >> THERE’S SOMETHING VERY GENTLE
>> THERE’S SOMETHING VERY GENTLE ABOUT YOU.
ABOUT YOU. >> I THINK GENTLENESS IS
>> I THINK GENTLENESS IS UNDERRATED.
UNDERRATED. I THINK ABRAHAM LINCOLN SAID
I THINK ABRAHAM LINCOLN SAID THERE’S NOTHING STRONGER THAN
THERE’S NOTHING STRONGER THAN GENTLENESS AND I THINK THAT’S
GENTLENESS AND I THINK THAT’S SOMETHING IN OUR SOCIETY THAT
SOMETHING IN OUR SOCIETY THAT THERE’S A GREAT LACK OF O.
THERE’S A GREAT LACK OF O. BECAUSE USUALLY THE WISEST
BECAUSE USUALLY THE WISEST PEOPLE -- IT COMES FROM A QUIET
PEOPLE -- IT COMES FROM A QUIET PLACE, NOT A LOUD PLAUS.
PLACE, NOT A LOUD PLAUS. PEOPLE WHO CAN DOMINATE THE
PEOPLE WHO CAN DOMINATE THE SCENE WILL BE ELECTED, BUT THEY
SCENE WILL BE ELECTED, BUT THEY MAY BE THE WORST LEADERS AND
MAY BE THE WORST LEADERS AND HISTORY HAS PROVED THAT MANY
HISTORY HAS PROVED THAT MANY TIMES OVER O, MAY I ADD.
TIMES OVER O, MAY I ADD. BUT IF IT WASN’T FOR MY
BUT IF IT WASN’T FOR MY BUSINESS, PROBABLY AND A
BUSINESS, PROBABLY AND A WRITER’S STRIKE IN THE ’90s
WRITER’S STRIKE IN THE ’90s MAYBE REALITY TELEVISION WOULD
MAYBE REALITY TELEVISION WOULD HAVE NEVER HAPPENED AND BECAUSE
HAVE NEVER HAPPENED AND BECAUSE OF REALITY TELEVUGZ SOMEONE WAS
OF REALITY TELEVUGZ SOMEONE WAS ABLE TO HONE A PERSONA AND BRING
ABLE TO HONE A PERSONA AND BRING HIM ALL THE WAY UP INTO THE MOST
HIM ALL THE WAY UP INTO THE MOST POWERFUL POSITION IN THE
POWERFUL POSITION IN THE COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. AND THAT IS AN ESSENTIAL NUNG
AND THAT IS AN ESSENTIAL NUNG BECAUSE YOU LEARN BASIC CRAFT
BECAUSE YOU LEARN BASIC CRAFT ELEMENTS OF HOW TO KEEP
ELEMENTS OF HOW TO KEEP SOMEONE’S ATTENTION AND PEOPLE
SOMEONE’S ATTENTION AND PEOPLE WERE CONVINCED THIS WAS THE
WERE CONVINCED THIS WAS THE CHARACTER AND IT’S ACTUALLY A
CHARACTER AND IT’S ACTUALLY A FABRICATION OF WHO THE PERSON
FABRICATION OF WHO THE PERSON ACTUALLY WAS AND SO YOU’VE SEEN
ACTUALLY WAS AND SO YOU’VE SEEN THIS OVER AND OVER OAGAIN.
THIS OVER AND OVER OAGAIN. >> I THINK IT’S A GREAT REMINDER
>> I THINK IT’S A GREAT REMINDER AND A TOAST TO GENTILITY.